docs: Update AutoGrid and AutoForm with new properties (#3344)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/auto-grid/index.adoc

When trying to access nested properties, use the Dot Notation, as shown in the example above. To access the `supplierName` of the `supplier` property, for example, you might use `supplier.supplierName`.

> If required, you can also use the `hiddenColumns` property to specify which columns should be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the `hiddenColumns` property to specify which columns should be hidden.
```
